---
title: "李氏公所"
sidebar:
  - title: "Address"
    text: "1101 SE Salmon St, Portland, OR 97214"
  - title: "Phone"
    text: "503-234-0429"
  - title: "Website"
    text: "[www.leeondong.org](http://www.leeondong.org/)"
---

The Portland Lee Family Association was established around 1881 in the back of a business owned by a Lee.   The membership grew and they bought their first building in Chinatown at NW 3rd and Davis St.  This building burned down in 1960.   In early 1970, they bought another building at SE 24th and Ankeny St.   They remained there for 20 years.   The membership continued to grow, and the building became too small for their needs.   In 1989, a group headed by Dr. Sam Won and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lee began to search for a new building.   With donations from local Lee members and help from the San Francisco Lee Family Association, they were able to purchase and remodel the current building at 1101 SE Salmon St. in 1990.   A Grand Opening celebration was held on August 3rd, 1997.   The Lee Family Association Youth Group of San Francisco performed the Lion Dance at this event.

The Portland Lee's Association Lion Dance Team was founded in April, 2004 by Mr. Ken Lee, who imparted his lion dance knowledge and experience to Mr. Terry Lee, the Head Coach of the team.  He is currently assisted by Coach Eric Lee.  In December 2006, the coaches travelled to Guangdong Province, China to further their knowledge of Southern, or Cantonese Lion Dance.  They trained with lion dance masters and champions in Taishan City and observed lion dance in Fut Shan and in Hong Kong.  They toured two lion dance factories and a drum factory and returned to Portland with four custom made lions.  A second trip to China was made in 2014 for additional training in traditional lion dance. Most recently, in the summer or 2016, Coach Terry Lee brought three students to San Francisco to train in contemporary lion dance with Yau Kung Moon Kung Fu Association at the Lee's Youth Group training hall.
